chore: Electron 10 blog post (#4387)
electron/electronjs.org: data/blog/electron-10-0.md

For information on planned breaking changes in upcoming versions of Electron, [see our Planned Breaking Changes doc](https://github.com/electron/electron/blob/master/docs/breaking-changes.md).

### Continued Work for Deprecation of `remote` Module (in Electron 11)
We started work to remove the remote module in [Electron 9](https://www.electronjs.org/blog/electron-9-0) and we're continuing plans to remove the `remote` module. In Electron 11, we plan to continue refactor work for implementing [WeakRef](https://v8.dev/features/weak-references) as we have done in Electron 10. Please read and follow [this issue](https://github.com/electron/electron/issues/21408) for full plans and details for deprecation.

### Final Step for Requiring Native Node Modules to be Context Aware or N-API (in Electron 11)

> We started groundwork for this back in Electron 6 release for native Node modules loaded in the renderer process to be either [N-API](https://nodejs.org/api/n-api.html) or [Context Aware](https://nodejs.org/api/addons.html#addons_context_aware_addons). Reasons being stronger security, faster performance, and reduced maintenance workload. In Electron 11, the final step of this plan is to remove the ability to change `app.allowRendererProcessReuse`. Read [this issue](https://github.com/electron/electron/issues/18397) for full details including the proposed timeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From Electron 6 onwards, we've been laying the groundwork to require [native Node modules](https://nodejs.org/api/addons.html) loaded in the renderer process to be either [N-API](https://nodejs.org/api/n-api.html) or [Context Aware](https://nodejs.org/api/addons.html#addons_context_aware_addons). Enforcing this change allows for stronger security, faster performance, and reduced maintenance workload. The final step of this plan is to remove the ability to disable render process reuse in Electron 11. Read [this issue](https://github.com/electron/electron/issues/18397) for full details including the proposed timeline.
```

Copyediting suggestion
